# WT-YOLO-Model

A project designed to use the YOLOv8 visual detection model and use it to detect tanks in the game Warthunder. Initial goal is to simply let the model determine friendly and enemy tanks, with later goals being the classification of tanks, and the distance to our tank. The YOLOv8 model uses images of Warthunder gameplay with bounding boxes surrounding objects it's supposed to recognize, and it uses these images to learn what it should look for. The model can then be given an image of Warthunder gameplay with no bounding boxers, and it should be able to draw and label objects it detects in the screenshot.

To use the model, open the WT_YOLO_Model.ipynb and run through the code blocks there. You will have to run through each cell if you are using google colab. To gather and annotate the images I used Roboflow, an open source annotation browser service, and I used that to annotate a large number of images I gathered. Should the dataset api-key no longer work, you can easily find another by going to Roboflow Universe, finding an appropriate data set, select download, select the correct v8 model, and prompt it to show you the download code. Paste that code into cell 4 of the model and you can begin training.

To gather screenshots I used a small python script to take a screenshot every 15 seconds, and then I just played the game. The dataset given to this model only has about 200 images because that was the limit a free Roboflow account would allow mem and this model is not dependent on personal images, so feel free to gather from larger datasets to give the model more extensive knowledge. 
